ShipPapers/index.md, before:

---
share: "true"
title: Ship Papers
---
**Papers legally required to be maintained by the crew of this vessel, legally, to maintain the Imperial Free Trader designation:**  
- [Crew Management Documents](./CrewManagementDocuments.md)  
- [Crew Certificates](./CrewCertificates.md)  
- [Mortgage Agreement Details](./MortgageAgreementDetails.md), including payments  
- [Ship Insurance Policy](./ShipInsurancePolicy.md)  
- ShipsLogs (summary logs of maintenance, flight, departmental needs as well, officers' personal logs.)  
- ShippingRecords (cargo, bills of sale, receipts, nature of the goods, owner, consignee, special handling instructions, port of origin, destination, passengers)  
- ShipsLedger (records of cargo purchase and sale, payments for shipping and/or delivery of freight, mortgage payments, port fees, repair costs, costs for life support and other supplies, payroll, and so on.  
- Other documents as necessary, examples: import and export licenses, end user certificates, material safety data sheets…  
**Files to be renewed as necessary at the proper authority:**  
- [Registration](./Registration.md)  
- [Spaceworthiness Certificates](./SpaceworthinessCertificates.md)

Commit message:

[PUBLISHER] Merge #27
* PUSH NOTE : Missions.md

* PUSH NOTE : ShipPapers.md

* PUSH NOTE : SpaceworthinessCertificates.md

* PUSH NOTE : CrewCertificates.md

* PUSH NOTE : MortgageAgreementDetails.md

* PUSH NOTE : CrewManagementDocuments.md

* PUSH NOTE : ShipInsurancePolicy.md

* PUSH NOTE : Registration.md

* PUSH NOTE : JumpLog.md

* PUSH NOTE : index.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : BeBackByDawn.png

* PUSH NOTE : BroadcastM2.491105.md

* PUSH NOTE : BroadcastM2.431105.md

* PUSH NOTE : TNS.md

* PUSH NOTE : TaliaFinlay.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : TaliaFinlay.png

* PUSH NOTE : KhiUlaar.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : KhiUlaar.png

* PUSH NOTE : Rrhyngir.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : Rrhyngir.png

* PUSH NOTE : Crew.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : ChitChat.png

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : Cookie.png

* PUSH NOTE : KhloeTanaka.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : KhloeTanaka.png

* PUSH NOTE : ArthurKinnear.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : ArthurKinnear.png

* PUSH NOTE : DawnWaveJumper.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : DawnWaveJumper.png

* PUSH NOTE : KavegXihn.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : KavegXihn.png

* PUSH NOTE : NikkolasCell.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : NikkolasCell.png

* PUSH NOTE : NovaBella.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : NovaBella.png

* PUSH NOTE : Contacts.md

* DELETE FILE : Missions.md

ShipPapers/index.md, after:

---
share: "true"
title: Ship Papers
---
# Ship Paper Index  
*Maintained by automatic scanning and indexing of original documents stored within the Captain and First Mate's stateroom secure document drawers.*  
  
**Papers legally required to be maintained by the crew of this vessel, legally, to maintain the Imperial Free Trader designation:**  
- [Crew Management Documents](./CrewManagementDocuments.md)  
- [Crew Certificates](./CrewCertificates.md)  
- [Mortgage Agreement Details](./MortgageAgreementDetails.md), including payments  
- [Ship Insurance Policy](./ShipInsurancePolicy.md)  
- ShipsLogs and [Jump Logs](../JumpLog.md) (summary logs of maintenance, flight, departmental needs as well as officers' personal logs.)  
- ShippingRecords (cargo, bills of sale, receipts, nature of the goods, owner, consignee, special handling instructions, port of origin, destination, passengers)  
- ShipsLedger (records of cargo purchase and sale, payments for shipping and/or delivery of freight, mortgage payments, port fees, repair costs, costs for life support and other supplies, payroll, and so on.  
- Other documents as necessary, examples: import and export licenses, end user certificates, material safety data sheets…  
**Files to be renewed as necessary at the proper authority:**  
- [Registration](./Registration.md)  
- [Spaceworthiness Certificates](./SpaceworthinessCertificates.md)  
  
[> Return to Computer Overview](../index.md)
