ShipPapers/MortgageAgreementDetails.md, before:

---
share: "true"
title: Mortgage Agreement Details
---
This Mortgage Deed (this "Mortgage") is made as of this M2.33 1105, by and among/between:  
  
BORROWER(S): N/A, RRHYNGIR; FINLAY, TALIA A. located at BOWMAN LSP-03 APARTMENT 314; ~SPINWARD_MARCHES (collectively, the "Borrower") and  
  
LENDER(S):  HORTALEZ ET CIE, located at DENEB/USANI 1925, HIGHPORT OFFICE 116-B (collectively, the "Lender").  
  
  
WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Lender (and KINNEAR, ARTHUR acting as guarantor) entered into a: (Check one)  
  
- [x] Loan Agreement  
- [ ] Promissory Note  
- [x] Mortgage Note  
- [ ] Other agreement title:  
  
to last until M2 1145 in the sum of 53.8 MCr (the "Principal Amount"), together with interest of 6.25% thereon computed on the outstanding balance (the "Note"); with 3 MCr down; and  
  
WHEREAS, to secure the performance of all the terms, covenants, agreements, conditions, and obligations of the Note and this Mortgage, the Borrower wishes to grand to the Lender its rights, title, and interest to the ship designated IFT BE BACK BY DAWN, TRANSPONDER ID D61E-9C0A-A3B9-D5E0, ~SPINWARD_MARCHES and with the following legal description: EMPRESS MARAVA CLASS TYPE A2 FAR TRADER STANDARD MODEL. (the "Property").  
  
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the loan for the Principal Amount plus interest made by the Lender to the Borrower, the Borrower and the Lender hereby agree as follows:  
  
1. **Grant.** The Borrower hereby grants and conveys to the Lender all rights, title and interest to the Property, including all components, improvements, and fixtures now and hereafter existing thereon, as security for the repayment of the Note and the performance of the covenants and agreements set forth in this Mortgage.  
2. **Payment.** The Borrower promises to pay the Principal Amount and interest pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note and this Mortgage, and any other reasonable charges or amounts set out in or secured by the Note and this Mortgage. (Estimated at 224,242 Cr monthly.) Payment shall be transmitted to the escrow account stored within the Property's transponder, and then transferred to payment processors upon docking with accredited Starports.  
3. **Senior Mortgages.** No superior mortgage or the note secured by it will be modified without the consent of the Lender hereunder.  
4. **Insurance.** The Property will be insured under a policy with any licensed ship insurance provider.  
5. **Licensure and Registration.** The Property and all crew will be licensed and registered as required, and all legal paperwork maintained.

Commit message:

[PUBLISHER] Merge #27
* PUSH NOTE : Missions.md

* PUSH NOTE : ShipPapers.md

* PUSH NOTE : SpaceworthinessCertificates.md

* PUSH NOTE : CrewCertificates.md

* PUSH NOTE : MortgageAgreementDetails.md

* PUSH NOTE : CrewManagementDocuments.md

* PUSH NOTE : ShipInsurancePolicy.md

* PUSH NOTE : Registration.md

* PUSH NOTE : JumpLog.md

* PUSH NOTE : index.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : BeBackByDawn.png

* PUSH NOTE : BroadcastM2.491105.md

* PUSH NOTE : BroadcastM2.431105.md

* PUSH NOTE : TNS.md

* PUSH NOTE : TaliaFinlay.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : TaliaFinlay.png

* PUSH NOTE : KhiUlaar.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : KhiUlaar.png

* PUSH NOTE : Rrhyngir.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : Rrhyngir.png

* PUSH NOTE : Crew.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : ChitChat.png

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : Cookie.png

* PUSH NOTE : KhloeTanaka.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : KhloeTanaka.png

* PUSH NOTE : ArthurKinnear.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : ArthurKinnear.png

* PUSH NOTE : DawnWaveJumper.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : DawnWaveJumper.png

* PUSH NOTE : KavegXihn.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : KavegXihn.png

* PUSH NOTE : NikkolasCell.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : NikkolasCell.png

* PUSH NOTE : NovaBella.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : NovaBella.png

* PUSH NOTE : Contacts.md

* DELETE FILE : Missions.md

ShipPapers/MortgageAgreementDetails.md, after:

---
share: "true"
title: Mortgage Agreement Details
tags:
  - shippapers
---
# Mortgage Agreement  
This Mortgage Deed (this "Mortgage") is made as of this M2.33 1105, by and among/between:  
  
BORROWER(S): N/A, RRHYNGIR; FINLAY, TALIA A. located at BOWMAN LSP-03 APARTMENT 314; ~SPINWARD_MARCHES (collectively, the "Borrower") and  
  
LENDER(S):  HORTALEZ ET CIE, located at DENEB/USANI 1925, HIGHPORT OFFICE 116-B (collectively, the "Lender").  
  
  
WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Lender (and KINNEAR, ARTHUR acting as guarantor) entered into a: (Check one)  
  
- [x] Loan Agreement  
- [ ] Promissory Note  
- [x] Mortgage Note  
- [ ] Other agreement title:  
  
to last until M2 1145 in the sum of 53.8 MCr (the "Principal Amount"), together with interest of 6.25% thereon computed on the outstanding balance (the "Note"); with 3 MCr down; and  
  
WHEREAS, to secure the performance of all the terms, covenants, agreements, conditions, and obligations of the Note and this Mortgage, the Borrower wishes to grand to the Lender its rights, title, and interest to the ship designated IFT BE BACK BY DAWN, TRANSPONDER ID D61E-9C0A-A3B9-D5E0, ~SPINWARD_MARCHES and with the following legal description: EMPRESS MARAVA CLASS TYPE A2 FAR TRADER STANDARD MODEL. (the "Property").  
  
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the loan for the Principal Amount plus interest made by the Lender to the Borrower, the Borrower and the Lender hereby agree as follows:  
  
1. **Grant.** The Borrower hereby grants and conveys to the Lender all rights, title and interest to the Property, including all components, improvements, and fixtures now and hereafter existing thereon, as security for the repayment of the Note and the performance of the covenants and agreements set forth in this Mortgage.  
2. **Payment.** The Borrower promises to pay the Principal Amount and interest pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note and this Mortgage, and any other reasonable charges or amounts set out in or secured by the Note and this Mortgage. (Estimated at 224,242 Cr monthly.) Payment shall be transmitted to the escrow account stored within the Property's transponder, and then transferred to payment processors upon docking with accredited Starports.  
3. **Senior Mortgages.** No superior mortgage or the note secured by it will be modified without the consent of the Lender hereunder.  
4. **Insurance.** The Property will be insured under a policy with any licensed ship insurance provider.  
5. **Licensure and Registration.** The Property and all crew will be licensed and registered as required, and all legal paperwork maintained.  
  
[> Return to Ship Papers Index](./index.md)  
  
#shippapers
