ShipPapers/Registration.md, before:

---
share: "true"
---
**The Third Imperium of the Stars, Astral Division**  
---------  
**Certificate of Registry**  
  
WHEREAS, the Government of THE THIRD IMPERIUM OF THE STARS, has considered and approved the application of the ship described hereunder. THEREFORE, be it resolved, that there be issued, pursuant to the terms of the Free Shipping Act 950 IC, this Certificate of registry to the said vessel entitling her to engage in foreign trade as a Free Trader and be accorded the rights and privileges in accordance with the Free Shipping Act, 950 IC.  
  
| Name of Ship                                                                           | Transponder ID                                                       | Ship Class                                                                                                      |  
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |  
| IFT BE BACK BY DAWN                                                                    | D61E-9C0A-A3B9-D5E0                                                  | EMPRESS MARAVA A2 FAR TRADER                                                                                    |  
| Year and Port of Registry                                                              | Previous Name of Ship                                                | Previous Port of Registry                                                                                       |  
| 1100 , BOWMAN                                                                          | IFT ESUN PI KALAMA WASO                                              | N/A                                                                                                             |  
| Date                                                                                   | Name, Description of Previous Owner(s)                               | Shares                                                                                                          |  
| M4.01 1100                                                                             | TURNER, LEONARD                                                      | 100%                                                                                                            |  
| Date                                                                                   | Name, Description of Current Owners                                  | Shares                                                                                                          |  
| M1.05 1105                                                                             | N/A, RRHYNGIR<br><br>FINLAY, TALIA A.                                | 33%  <br>66%                                                                                                    |  
| Place of Built                                                                         | Year of Built                                                        | Manufacturer                                                                                                    |  
| BOWMAN, LSP-02                                                                         | 1100                                                                 | LING STANDARD PRODUCTS                                                                                          |  
| Jump Rating                                                                            | Thrust Rating                                                        | Hull Size                                                                                                       |  
| TWO PARSECS, J-2                                                                       | 1G ACCELERATION                                                      | 200 DISPLACEMENT TONS                                                                                           |  
| Sensor Grade                                                                           | Stempel Tree Size                                                    | Power Availability Rating                                                                                       |  
| CIVILIAN                                                                               | 5/BIS                                                                | 90/PAR AVG                                                                                                      |  
| Recommended Crew                                                                       | Fuel Capacity                                                        | Weapons                                                                                                         |  
| PILOT/ASTROGATOR  <br>ENGINEER  <br>GUNNER (PORT)  <br>GUNNER (STARBOARD)  <br>STEWARD | 1 MO / J-2  <br>FUEL SCOOPS  <br>FUEL PROCESSING PLANT (40 TONS/DAY) | 2X DOUBLE TURRET WITH  <br>2X STANDARD BEAM LASER EA.                                                           |  
| Stateroom Capacity                                                                     | Low Berth Capacity                                                   | Cargo Capacity                                                                                                  |  
| 10 STANDARD STATEROOM                                                                  | 4 PODS                                                               | 62 DISPLACEMENT TONS  <br>COLD STORAGE CERTIFIED  <br>DOCKING SPACE 4 TONS  <br>LOADING BELT AND CARGO AIRLOCKS |  
  
Issued by the authority of the Government of THE THIRD IMPERIUM OF THE STARS, under my hand and seal, in the name of the EMPEROR, at Bowman, this M2.30 1105.  
  
This certificate expires on M2.30 1120.  
  
_Selina King_  
  
Commissioner for Astral Affairs of Provisional District 268

Commit message:

[PUBLISHER] Merge #27
* PUSH NOTE : Missions.md

* PUSH NOTE : ShipPapers.md

* PUSH NOTE : SpaceworthinessCertificates.md

* PUSH NOTE : CrewCertificates.md

* PUSH NOTE : MortgageAgreementDetails.md

* PUSH NOTE : CrewManagementDocuments.md

* PUSH NOTE : ShipInsurancePolicy.md

* PUSH NOTE : Registration.md

* PUSH NOTE : JumpLog.md

* PUSH NOTE : index.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : BeBackByDawn.png

* PUSH NOTE : BroadcastM2.491105.md

* PUSH NOTE : BroadcastM2.431105.md

* PUSH NOTE : TNS.md

* PUSH NOTE : TaliaFinlay.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : TaliaFinlay.png

* PUSH NOTE : KhiUlaar.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : KhiUlaar.png

* PUSH NOTE : Rrhyngir.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : Rrhyngir.png

* PUSH NOTE : Crew.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : ChitChat.png

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : Cookie.png

* PUSH NOTE : KhloeTanaka.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : KhloeTanaka.png

* PUSH NOTE : ArthurKinnear.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : ArthurKinnear.png

* PUSH NOTE : DawnWaveJumper.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : DawnWaveJumper.png

* PUSH NOTE : KavegXihn.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : KavegXihn.png

* PUSH NOTE : NikkolasCell.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : NikkolasCell.png

* PUSH NOTE : NovaBella.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : NovaBella.png

* PUSH NOTE : Contacts.md

* DELETE FILE : Missions.md

ShipPapers/Registration.md, after:

---
share: "true"
title: Certificate of Registry
tags:
  - shippapers
---
# Certificate of Registry  
---  
**The Third Imperium of the Stars, Astral Division**  
  
WHEREAS, the Government of THE THIRD IMPERIUM OF THE STARS, has considered and approved the application of the ship described hereunder. THEREFORE, be it resolved, that there be issued, pursuant to the terms of the Free Shipping Act 950 IC, this Certificate of registry to the said vessel entitling her to engage in foreign trade as a Free Trader and be accorded the rights and privileges in accordance with the Free Shipping Act, 950 IC.  
  
| Name of Ship                                                                           | Transponder ID                                                       | Ship Class                                                                                                      |  
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |  
| IFT BE BACK BY DAWN                                                                    | D61E-9C0A-A3B9-D5E0                                                  | EMPRESS MARAVA A2 FAR TRADER                                                                                    |  
| Year and Port of Registry                                                              | Previous Name of Ship                                                | Previous Port of Registry                                                                                       |  
| 1100 , BOWMAN                                                                          | IFT ESUN PI KALAMA WASO                                              | N/A                                                                                                             |  
| Date                                                                                   | Name, Description of Previous Owner(s)                               | Shares                                                                                                          |  
| M4.01 1100                                                                             | TURNER, LEONARD                                                      | 100%                                                                                                            |  
| Date                                                                                   | Name, Description of Current Owners                                  | Shares                                                                                                          |  
| M1.05 1105                                                                             | N/A, RRHYNGIR<br><br>FINLAY, TALIA A.                                | 33%  <br>66%                                                                                                    |  
| Place of Built                                                                         | Year of Built                                                        | Manufacturer                                                                                                    |  
| BOWMAN, LSP-02                                                                         | 1100                                                                 | LING STANDARD PRODUCTS                                                                                          |  
| Jump Rating                                                                            | Thrust Rating                                                        | Hull Size                                                                                                       |  
| TWO PARSECS, J-2                                                                       | 1G ACCELERATION                                                      | 200 DISPLACEMENT TONS                                                                                           |  
| Sensor Grade                                                                           | Stempel Tree Size                                                    | Power Availability Rating                                                                                       |  
| CIVILIAN                                                                               | 5/BIS                                                                | 90/PAR AVG                                                                                                      |  
| Recommended Crew                                                                       | Fuel Capacity                                                        | Weapons                                                                                                         |  
| PILOT/ASTROGATOR  <br>ENGINEER  <br>GUNNER (PORT)  <br>GUNNER (STARBOARD)  <br>STEWARD | 1 MO / J-2  <br>FUEL SCOOPS  <br>FUEL PROCESSING PLANT (40 TONS/DAY) | 2X DOUBLE TURRET WITH  <br>2X STANDARD BEAM LASER EA.                                                           |  
| Stateroom Capacity                                                                     | Low Berth Capacity                                                   | Cargo Capacity                                                                                                  |  
| 10 STANDARD STATEROOM                                                                  | 4 PODS                                                               | 62 DISPLACEMENT TONS  <br>COLD STORAGE CERTIFIED  <br>DOCKING SPACE 4 TONS  <br>LOADING BELT AND CARGO AIRLOCKS |  
  
Issued by the authority of the Government of THE THIRD IMPERIUM OF THE STARS, under my hand and seal, in the name of the EMPEROR, at Bowman, this M2.30 1105.  
  
This certificate expires on M2.30 1120.  
  
_Selina King_  
  
Commissioner for Astral Affairs of Provisional District 268  
  
[> Return to Ship Papers Index](./index.md)  
  
#shippapers
