---
share: "true"
title: Broadcast M2.49 1105
---
Trexalon Technical Consortium reports delays in payroll for the [Asteltine](Location/Asteltine.md) branch office for this month. Small scale riots broke out the announcement, but were quickly quelled by Trexalon security, with 3 fatalities on the miners' side. The announcement was made after highly rapid laser fire was heard from the manor, and a security response was deployed; though reporters were not allowed access to the manor to see the damages no casualties were reported. Afterwards it was discovered during headcounts that [Khi Ulaar](Crew/Khi%20Ulaar.md), previously chief prospector of crew #8, was missing, along with all of crew #8's staff. Current security reports believe that crew #8, being led by Khi Ulaar, robbed the shipment for themselves, and likely escaped by taking passage on a tramp freighter.  
  
Unfortunately, there is a constant flow of tramp freighters in and out of Asteltine, profiting off of supplying luxuries and consumer goods to the miners. Starport Authority states that 8 freighters entered and left the system within the time period, and finds it unlikely the escape vessel will be found. They also added that it is likely whichever tramp freighter is involved was not informed as to the passengers' true identity, or the real contents of their luggage.  
  
When asked for comment, Baroness [Khloe Tanaka](Contacts/Khloe%20Tanaka.md) stated: "We suspect corporate espionage, but will not name any names! Now, leave me be, I have things to watch!" Khloe Ldalir Tanaka, daughter of Menihrey Ldalir, widow of Kazuhiro Tanaka, was transferred from the Trexalon Technical Consortium's primary office on Trexalon when construction of the Asteltine branch completed. She is most known for her role in the negotiations in the New Corporate Truce of Asteltine, where Sternmetal Horizon and Delgado were convinced to allow the construction of the TTC mining installation.